wildlife service's predator control gets
away with what it gets away with because
it's incredibly secretive and few in the
American public even know it exists it
is blatant killing it is just flying
around the sky let's kill her there's a
cat let's kill let's kill it let's kill
it you know just every cow they say
they're gonna kill I would call wildlife
services a government agency run amok if
people knew that they were killing tens
of thousands of wild carnivores every
year often in horrific ways then they
wouldn't be able to continue for this
since as usual basically they're the
federal extermination service the United
States spends something on the order of
a hundred million dollars of taxpayers
money to kill 100,000 predators a year
and during that time the coyote
population has tripled in the early
stages of my predator problems as many
as 50 or 60 lambs killed in a year we've
seen wolf tracks going through that
heard several times somebody starts
taking your livelihood away from ya
you're gonna fight to keep it it's
ineffective it's inhumane and it's
expensive other than that it's a great
idea
and after bility is the name of the game
and if I really wanted risk-free
ranching I could go move to a cornfield
in Illinois it's time for a change for
us to change wildlife service's can
modernize we know now that there are
many tools in the toolbox to non-lethal
e address conflicts keep carnivores
alive and keep livestock alive it's not
about being better for the Wolves or
better for the cattle or better for the
grass it's better for the health of the
ecosystem is this earth just for us to
take over or do we share it